0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

0-hello_world prints “Hello, World” to the standard output

1-confused_smiley displays a confused smiley

2-hellofile displays the content of the /etc/passwd file

3-twofiles displays the content of the /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts files

4-lastlines displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd 

5-firstlines displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

6-third_line displays the third line of the file iacta

7-file creates a file named \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School

8-cwd_state writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la

9-duplicate_last_line duplicates the last line of the file iacta

10-no_more_js deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js

11-directories counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory

12-newest_files displays the 10 newest files in the current directory

13-unique takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once

14-findthatword displays lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd

15-countthatword displays the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd

16-whatsnext displays lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd

Commit message:

Write a script that displays all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

0-hello_world prints “Hello, World” to the standard output

1-confused_smiley displays a confused smiley

2-hellofile displays the content of the /etc/passwd file

3-twofiles displays the content of the /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts files

4-lastlines displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd 

5-firstlines displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

6-third_line displays the third line of the file iacta

7-file creates a file named \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School

8-cwd_state writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la

9-duplicate_last_line duplicates the last line of the file iacta

10-no_more_js deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js

11-directories counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory

12-newest_files displays the 10 newest files in the current directory

13-unique takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once

14-findthatword displays lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd

15-countthatword displays the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd

16-whatsnext displays lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd

17-hidethisword displays all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”
