0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

# 0x01-shell_permissions README

0-iam_betty switches the current user to the user betty

1-who_am_i prints the effective username of the current user

2-groups prints all the groups the current user is part of

3-new_owner changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty

4-empty creates an empty file called hello

5-execute adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello

6-multiple_permissions adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello

7-everybody adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello

8-James_Bond sets the owner and group permissions to no permissions all and the user has all permissions

9-John_Doe sets the mode of the file hello to -rwxr-x-wx

10-mirror_permissions sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode

11-directories_permissions adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users

Commit message:

Write a script that creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the working directory

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

# 0x01-shell_permissions README

0-iam_betty switches the current user to the user betty

1-who_am_i prints the effective username of the current user

2-groups prints all the groups the current user is part of

3-new_owner changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty

4-empty creates an empty file called hello

5-execute adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello

6-multiple_permissions adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello

7-everybody adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello

8-James_Bond sets the owner and group permissions to no permissions all and the user has all permissions

9-John_Doe sets the mode of the file hello to -rwxr-x-wx

10-mirror_permissions sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode

11-directories_permissions adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users

12-directory_permissions creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the working directory
