0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

# 0x00-shell_basics

0-current_working_directory contains the script that prints the absolute path of the current working directory

1-listit contains the script that displays the contents list of your current directory

2-bring_me_home contains the script that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory

3-listfiles contains the script that display current directory contents in a long format

4-listmorefiles contains the script that display current directory contents, including hidden files in the long format

5-listfilesdigitonly contains the script that displays current directory contents, including hidden files in the long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically

6-firstdirectory contains the script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory

7-movethatfile contains the script that moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory

8-firstdelete contains the script that deletes the file betty that is in /tmp/my_first_directory

9-firstdirdeletion contains the script that deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory

10-back contains the script that changes the working directory to the previous one 

11-lists contains the script that lists all files in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory in long format

12-file_type contains the script that prints the type of the file named iamafile

13-symbolic_link contains the script that creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__

14-copy_html contains the script that copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory

Commit message:

Write a command that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u into 100-lets_move

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

# 0x00-shell_basics  

0-current_working_directory contains the script that prints the absolute path of the current working directory  

1-listit contains the script that displays the contents list of your current directory  

2-bring_me_home contains the script that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory 

3-listfiles contains the script that display current directory contents in a long format  

4-listmorefiles contains the script that display current directory contents, including hidden files in the long format  

5-listfilesdigitonly contains the script that displays current directory contents, including hidden files in the long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically  

6-firstdirectory contains the script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory 

7-movethatfile contains the script that moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory  

8-firstdelete contains the script that deletes the file betty that is in /tmp/my_first_directory  

9-firstdirdeletion contains the script that deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory  

10-back contains the script that changes the working directory to the previous one  

11-lists contains the script that lists all files in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory in long format  

12-file_type contains the script that prints the type of the file named iamafile 

13-symbolic_link contains the script that creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__  

14-copy_html contains the script that copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory

100-lets_move contains the script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u
